docs/developing.md, before:

# DAQ Developers Guide

## Integration Testing

In order to guarintee the integrety of the DAQ framework itself, a suite of
_integration tests_ is used that encompasses the core python code as well as general
execution of the main test modules. This is different than the _device tests_ which
are run against a target device. The main purpose of the integration is to catch
unintended consequences of any code change, and to make sure that existing code
doesn't break in unexpected ways.

## Faux Device & Internal Switch

For continuous integration testing, a simulated _faux device_ is used, as represented
by the `docker/Dockerfile.faux` and `misc/start_faux` files. This provides a reasonable
emulation of any feature (e.g. bad DHCP client) that needs to be tested by the framework
at some point. This is manifested by the [_emulation_ topology](topologies.md) that is
the simplest system model.

Unless there's a specific reason it can't be done (e.g. hardware requirements), all tests
should have a _pass_ and _fail_ condition in the faux device, so that the basics of any
test can be validated. E.g., for DHCP, it can be configured to do DHCP properly, to have
an excessively long lease renew time, or not to DHCP at all. Although tests ultimately
run againt physical hardware (the device under test), it's a core software engineering
foundation to have a solid integration test environment.

Simiarly, for most simulation uses it's better to run using an internal OVS switch with
the Faux devices, rmoving the dependency on physical infrastruture. The system ultimately
needs to work in both, but developming against a virtual environment is typically much
faster than continually working with physical components (unless activly debugging
problems that only manifest themselves physically). If there is a problem in the 'real'
world, then the first step is typically to try and reproduce it virtually.

## Travis CI

Travis is used as the primary CI testing point for DAQ. The
[facuetsdn/daq dashboard](https://travis-ci.com/faucetsdn/daq/branches) shows the
status of the current master branch. It is generally recommended to set up
Travis on your personal repos to test any branches you push/commit. PRs will
automatically be tested under the destination repo.

Travis runs a suite of tests defined in the `.travis.yml` file. Each `DAQ_TEST`
entry triggers a separate run through the `bin/test_daq` script. E.g. `DAQ_TEST=many`
ultimately runs `testing/test_many.sh`.  The test output results are compared against
the golden `.out` file (e.g. `testing/test_many.out`) and the tests pass if there
is no difference. (Look in `bin/test_daq` to see exactly what it's doing.)

If there are unexplained differences in the `.out` file, then the test output log
itself should be checked to see what actually went wrong, since there's likely
not enough information in the `.out` files to diagnose effectively. The complete
log output is avaliable from a Travis run (or locally when you run locally), and
the triggering line from the `.out` difference should be there as well (search for it!).

## Local Integration Tests

Tests can be run locally with something like `sudo testing/test_aux.sh`, and the output
will be generated into, e.g., `out/test_aux.sh`, that can be compared against the
corresponding golden `.out` file. Running tests locally is not always 100% exactly the
same as running things in a real (against physical devices on a physical switch) or
CI environment, but in most cases it provides a workable method.

When developing a new test, the output should appear the the corresponding `.out` file,
which should be updated appropriatley. The easiest way to migrate in new changes is to
just copy the `out/` file to `testing/`, but care must be taken that only expected
changes are included with a new PR. Ultimately the Travis CI tests must pass, not the
local tests, to guard against any local filesystem changes.

## Lint Checks

Lint checks are performed as part of the `testing/test_aux.sh` script. They are extra
tricky because they are typically very sensitive to the exact version of every package
installed, so they're somewhat unrelaible except when run through a pristine environment
on Travis. An error output of `cmd/inbuild exit code 1` in the logs indicates that
something went wrong with the lint checks, but it can sometimes happen locally when
there is no problem on Travis (and Travis wins).

Commit message:

Typos and paragraph for local tests
I've fixed a few typos and added a short paragraph about clearing the local configuration before running tests.

docs/developing.md, after:

# DAQ Developers Guide

## Integration Testing

In order to guarantee the integrity of the DAQ framework itself, a suite of
_integration tests_ is used that encompasses the core python code as well as general
execution of the main test modules. This is different than the _device tests_ which
are run against a target device. The main purpose of the integration is to catch
unintended consequences of any code change, and to make sure that existing code
doesn't break in unexpected ways.

## Faux Device & Internal Switch

For continuous integration testing, a simulated _faux device_ is used, as represented
by the `docker/Dockerfile.faux` and `misc/start_faux` files. This provides a reasonable
emulation of any feature (e.g. bad DHCP client) that needs to be tested by the framework
at some point. This is manifested by the [_emulation_ topology](topologies.md) that is
the simplest system model.

Unless there's a specific reason it can't be done (e.g. hardware requirements), all tests
should have a _pass_ and _fail_ condition in the faux device, so that the basics of any
test can be validated. E.g., for DHCP, it can be configured to do DHCP properly, to have
an excessively long lease renew time, or not to DHCP at all. Although tests ultimately
run againt physical hardware (the device under test), it's a core software engineering
foundation to have a solid integration test environment.

Similarly, for most simulation uses it's better to run using an internal OVS switch with
the Faux devices, removing the dependency on physical infrastruture. The system ultimately
needs to work in both, but developing against a virtual environment is typically much
faster than continually working with physical components (unless actively debugging
problems that only manifest themselves physically). If there is a problem in the 'real'
world, then the first step is typically to try and reproduce it virtually.

## Travis CI

Travis is used as the primary CI testing point for DAQ. The
[facuetsdn/daq dashboard](https://travis-ci.com/faucetsdn/daq/branches) shows the
status of the current master branch. It is generally recommended to set up
Travis on your personal repos to test any branches you push/commit. PRs will
automatically be tested under the destination repo.

Travis runs a suite of tests defined in the `.travis.yml` file. Each `DAQ_TEST`
entry triggers a separate run through the `bin/test_daq` script. E.g. `DAQ_TEST=many`
ultimately runs `testing/test_many.sh`.  The test output results are compared against
the golden `.out` file (e.g. `testing/test_many.out`) and the tests pass if there
is no difference. (Look in `bin/test_daq` to see exactly what it's doing.)

If there are unexplained differences in the `.out` file, then the test output log
itself should be checked to see what actually went wrong, since there's likely
not enough information in the `.out` files to diagnose effectively. The complete
log output is avaliable from a Travis run (or locally when you run locally), and
the triggering line from the `.out` difference should be there as well (search for it!).

## Local Integration Tests

Tests can be run locally with something like `sudo testing/test_aux.sh`, and the output
will be generated into, e.g., `out/test_aux.sh`, that can be compared against the
corresponding golden `.out` file. Running tests locally is not always 100% exactly the
same as running things in a real (against physical devices on a physical switch) or
CI environment, but in most cases it provides a workable method.

It is recommended to start from a clear DAQ configuration by running `rm -rf local` 
from the main DAQ folder before running the local integration tests.

When developing a new test, the output should appear in the corresponding `.out` file,
which should be updated appropriatley. The easiest way to migrate in new changes is to
just copy the `out/` file to `testing/`, but care must be taken that only expected
changes are included with a new PR. Ultimately the Travis CI tests must pass, not the
local tests, to guard against any local filesystem changes.

## Lint Checks

Lint checks are performed as part of the `testing/test_aux.sh` script. They are extra
tricky because they are typically very sensitive to the exact version of every package
installed, so they're somewhat unreliable except when run through a pristine environment
on Travis. An error output of `cmd/inbuild exit code 1` in the logs indicates that
something went wrong with the lint checks, but it can sometimes happen locally when
there is no problem on Travis (and Travis wins).
