docs/device_report.md, before:

# Device 9a:02:57:1e:8f:01, *** Make *** *** Model ***

## Test Roles

|  Role  |      Name              | Status |
|--------|------------------------|--------|
|Operator| *** Operator Name *** |        |
|Approver| *** Approver Name *** |        |

## Test Iteration

| Test             |                        |
|------------------|------------------------|
| Test report start date | 2019-07-15 22:55:25+00:00 |
| Test report end date   | 2019-07-15 23:01:50+00:00 |
| DAQ version      | 1.0.1 |
| Attempt number   | 1 |

## Device Identification

| Device            | Entry              |
|-------------------|--------------------|
| Name              | *** Name *** |
| GUID              | *** GUID *** |
| MAC addr          | 9a:02:57:1e:8f:01 |
| Hostname          | *** Network Hostname *** |
| Type              | *** Type *** |
| Make              | *** Make *** |
| Model             | *** Model *** |
| Serial Number     | *** Serial *** |
| Firmware Version  | *** Firmware Version *** |

## Device Description

![Image of device](*** Device Image URL ***)

*** Device Description ***


### Device documentation

[Device datasheets](*** Device Datasheets URL ***)
[Device manuals](*** Device Manuals URL ***)

## Report summary

Overall device result FAIL

|Category|Result|
|---|---|
|Security|PASS|
|Other|1/2|
|Connectivity|n/a|

|Expectation|pass|fail|skip|gone|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|Required|1|1|0|0|
|Recommended|1|0|0|0|
|Other|0|1|13|2|

|Result|Test|Category|Expectation|Notes|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|skip|base.switch.ping|Other|Other||
|pass|base.target.ping|Connectivity|Required|target|
|skip|cloud.udmi.pointset|Other|Other|No device id|
|fail|connection.mac_oui|Other|Other||
|skip|connection.port_duplex|Other|Other|No local IP|
|skip|connection.port_link|Other|Other|No local IP|
|skip|connection.port_speed|Other|Other|No local IP|
|fail|network.brute|Security|Required||
|skip|poe.negotiation|Other|Other|No local IP|
|skip|poe.power|Other|Other|No local IP|
|skip|poe.support|Other|Other|No local IP|
|skip|protocol.bacnet.pic|Other|Other|Bacnet device not found... Pics check cannot be performed.|
|skip|protocol.bacnet.version|Other|Other|Bacnet device not found.|
|skip|security.firmware|Other|Other|Could not retrieve a firmware version with nmap. Check bacnet port.|
|pass|security.ports.nmap|Security|Recommended||
|skip|security.tls.v3|Other|Other||
|skip|security.x509|Other|Other||
|gone|unknown.fake.llama|Other|Other||
|gone|unknown.fake.monkey|Other|Other||


## Module ping

```
Baseline ping test report
%% 61 packets captured.
RESULT skip base.switch.ping
RESULT pass base.target.ping target %% 10.20.92.164
```

## Module nmap

```
Allowing 10000 open tcp snet-sensor-mgmt
No invalid ports found.
RESULT pass security.ports.nmap
```

## Module brute

```
Username:manager
Password:friend
Login success!
RESULT fail network.brute
```

## Module discover

```
--------------------
security.firmware
--------------------
Automatic bacnet firmware scan using nmap
--------------------
PORT      STATE  SERVICE
47808/udp closed bacnet
MAC Address: 9A:02:57:1E:8F:01 (Unknown)
--------------------
RESULT skip security.firmware Could not retrieve a firmware version with nmap. Check bacnet port.

```

## Module switch

```
--------------------
connection.port_link
--------------------
description
--------------------
LOCAL_IP not configured, assuming no network switch.
--------------------
RESULT skip connection.port_link No local IP

--------------------
connection.port_speed
--------------------
description
--------------------
LOCAL_IP not configured, assuming no network switch.
--------------------
RESULT skip connection.port_speed No local IP

--------------------
connection.port_duplex
--------------------
description
--------------------
LOCAL_IP not configured, assuming no network switch.
--------------------
RESULT skip connection.port_duplex No local IP

--------------------
poe.power
--------------------
description
--------------------
LOCAL_IP not configured, assuming no network switch.
--------------------
RESULT skip poe.power No local IP

--------------------
poe.negotiation
--------------------
description
--------------------
LOCAL_IP not configured, assuming no network switch.
--------------------
RESULT skip poe.negotiation No local IP

--------------------
poe.support
--------------------
description
--------------------
LOCAL_IP not configured, assuming no network switch.
--------------------
RESULT skip poe.support No local IP

```

## Module macoui

```
Mac OUI Test
RESULT fail connection.mac_oui
```

## Module bacext

```
RESULT skip protocol.bacnet.version Bacnet device not found.
RESULT skip protocol.bacnet.pic Bacnet device not found... Pics check cannot be performed.
```

## Module tls

```
IOException unable to connect to server.
RESULT skip security.tls.v3
RESULT skip security.x509
```

## Module udmi

```
--------------------
cloud.udmi.pointset
--------------------
Validates the payloads from the DUT to a predefined schema
--------------------
Device id is null, skipping.
--------------------
RESULT skip cloud.udmi.pointset No device id

```

## Report complete

Commit message:

Reformat report bacext (#17)
* faucetsdn#189 Added a shell helpers file - test_discover now writes to the report using a generic function

* faucetsdn#189 renamed result capturing function - it's slightly more descriptive this way

* faucetsdn#189 Added write_out_result fcn to test_udmi

* faucetsdn#189 test_udmi and skipped results of test_switch now follow the new report output format

* faucetsdn#189 Added sample output for each test

* faucetsdn#189 Updated device report and test_aux.out for Travis

* faucetsdn#199 Removed mac address from the bacnet version report filename, added the new report writing bash function to test_bacext

* faucetsdn#199 Added a TODO note about REPORT_AND_SUMMARY var

* Added proper exit code for test_udmi

* faucetsdn#199 Added summaries in report line

* faucetsdn#199 Function to return a false if any bacext fails works ok now

* faucetsdn#199 Updated test faux report

* faucetsdn#199 Updated device report/test_aux.out for Travis

* faucetsdn#199 Added summary to PICS fail

* removed silly merge marker

* removed bac0 starter

* Re-added outputs from discover to the Travis faux doc

* dumb, so dumb

* :-/

* _travis_ *pass*

* Added extra line - travis pass redux

* faucetsdn#199 Removed 'insitu' from reports

docs/device_report.md, after:

# Device 9a:02:57:1e:8f:01, *** Make *** *** Model ***

## Test Roles

|  Role  |      Name              | Status |
|--------|------------------------|--------|
|Operator| *** Operator Name *** |        |
|Approver| *** Approver Name *** |        |

## Test Iteration

| Test             |                        |
|------------------|------------------------|
| Test report start date | 2019-07-15 22:55:25+00:00 |
| Test report end date   | 2019-07-15 23:01:50+00:00 |
| DAQ version      | 1.0.1 |
| Attempt number   | 1 |

## Device Identification

| Device            | Entry              |
|-------------------|--------------------|
| Name              | *** Name *** |
| GUID              | *** GUID *** |
| MAC addr          | 9a:02:57:1e:8f:01 |
| Hostname          | *** Network Hostname *** |
| Type              | *** Type *** |
| Make              | *** Make *** |
| Model             | *** Model *** |
| Serial Number     | *** Serial *** |
| Firmware Version  | *** Firmware Version *** |

## Device Description

![Image of device](*** Device Image URL ***)

*** Device Description ***


### Device documentation

[Device datasheets](*** Device Datasheets URL ***)
[Device manuals](*** Device Manuals URL ***)

## Report summary

Overall device result FAIL

|Category|Result|
|---|---|
|Security|PASS|
|Other|1/2|
|Connectivity|n/a|

|Expectation|pass|fail|skip|gone|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|Required|1|1|0|0|
|Recommended|1|0|0|0|
|Other|0|1|13|2|

|Result|Test|Category|Expectation|Notes|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|skip|base.switch.ping|Other|Other||
|pass|base.target.ping|Connectivity|Required|target|
|skip|cloud.udmi.pointset|Other|Other|No device id|
|fail|connection.mac_oui|Other|Other||
|skip|connection.port_duplex|Other|Other|No local IP|
|skip|connection.port_link|Other|Other|No local IP|
|skip|connection.port_speed|Other|Other|No local IP|
|fail|network.brute|Security|Required||
|skip|poe.negotiation|Other|Other|No local IP|
|skip|poe.power|Other|Other|No local IP|
|skip|poe.support|Other|Other|No local IP|
|skip|protocol.bacnet.pic|Other|Other|Bacnet device not found.|
|skip|protocol.bacnet.version|Other|Other|Bacnet device not found.|
|skip|security.firmware|Other|Other|Could not retrieve a firmware version with nmap. Check bacnet port.|
|pass|security.ports.nmap|Security|Recommended||
|skip|security.tls.v3|Other|Other||
|skip|security.x509|Other|Other||
|gone|unknown.fake.llama|Other|Other||
|gone|unknown.fake.monkey|Other|Other||


## Module ping

```
Baseline ping test report
%% 61 packets captured.
RESULT skip base.switch.ping
RESULT pass base.target.ping target %% 10.20.92.164
```

## Module nmap

```
Allowing 10000 open tcp snet-sensor-mgmt
No invalid ports found.
RESULT pass security.ports.nmap
```

## Module brute

```
Username:manager
Password:friend
Login success!
RESULT fail network.brute
```

## Module discover

```
--------------------
security.firmware
--------------------
Automatic bacnet firmware scan using nmap
--------------------
PORT      STATE  SERVICE
47808/udp closed bacnet
MAC Address: 9A:02:57:1E:8F:01 (Unknown)
--------------------
RESULT skip security.firmware Could not retrieve a firmware version with nmap. Check bacnet port.

```

## Module switch

```
--------------------
connection.port_link
--------------------
description
--------------------
LOCAL_IP not configured, assuming no network switch.
--------------------
RESULT skip connection.port_link No local IP

--------------------
connection.port_speed
--------------------
description
--------------------
LOCAL_IP not configured, assuming no network switch.
--------------------
RESULT skip connection.port_speed No local IP

--------------------
connection.port_duplex
--------------------
description
--------------------
LOCAL_IP not configured, assuming no network switch.
--------------------
RESULT skip connection.port_duplex No local IP

--------------------
poe.power
--------------------
description
--------------------
LOCAL_IP not configured, assuming no network switch.
--------------------
RESULT skip poe.power No local IP

--------------------
poe.negotiation
--------------------
description
--------------------
LOCAL_IP not configured, assuming no network switch.
--------------------
RESULT skip poe.negotiation No local IP

--------------------
poe.support
--------------------
description
--------------------
LOCAL_IP not configured, assuming no network switch.
--------------------
RESULT skip poe.support No local IP

```

## Module macoui

```
Mac OUI Test
RESULT fail connection.mac_oui
```

## Module bacext

```
--------------------
protocol.bacnet.version
--------------------
Verify and record version of Bacnet used by the device
--------------------
 Bacnet device not found.
--------------------
RESULT skip protocol.bacnet.version Bacnet device not found.

--------------------
protocol.bacnet.pic
--------------------
Verify BACnet traffic is compliant to the PIC statement
--------------------
 Bacnet device not found... Pics check cannot be performed.
--------------------
RESULT skip protocol.bacnet.pic Bacnet device not found.

```

## Module tls

```
IOException unable to connect to server.
RESULT skip security.tls.v3
RESULT skip security.x509
```

## Module udmi

```
--------------------
cloud.udmi.pointset
--------------------
Validates the payloads from the DUT to a predefined schema
--------------------
Device id is null, skipping.
--------------------
RESULT skip cloud.udmi.pointset No device id

```

## Report complete
